Set the correct default value for `ignore-gitignore` field (#19506)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/static_analysis/_index.md

|--------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|---------|
| `rulesets`         | A list of ruleset names. [View all available rulesets][6].                                | `true`   |         |
| `ignore-paths`     | A list of relative paths to ignore. It supports using globbing patterns.                  | `false`  |         |

> | `ignore-gitignore` | Determines whether Datadog Static Analysis will analyze the content in a `.gitignore` file.  | `false`  | `false` |

Reviewer: We should fix the tense issue.

> | `ignore-gitignore` | Determines whether Datadog Static Analysis will analyze the content in a `.gitignore` file.  | `false`  | `false` |

Author: ```suggestion
| `ignore-gitignore` | Determines whether Datadog Static Analysis analyzes the content in a .gitignore file.     | `false`  | `false` |
```
